# Quarterly Report for Q1 2023

This is the financial summary for Nevarro LLC in Q1 of 2023. Nevarro LLC was
formed on 24 January 2023, and incurred many startup costs during its first
quarter of operation.

## Equity

After an initial capital contribution of $1,500.00, a total of $461.41 of
expenses were incurred.

<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="2"><b>Summary</b></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Revenue</b></td>
    <td>$1,500.00</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Expenses</b></td>
    <td>$461.41</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>Equity</b></td>
    <td>$1,038.59</td>
  </tr>
</table>

The equity breakdown is as follows:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="2"><b>Assets</b></th>
    <th colspan="2"><b>Liabilities</b></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><b>TOTAL</b></td>
    <td>$1,446.00</td>
    <td><b>TOTAL</b></td>
    <td>$407.41</td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Runway Calculation

Many of the expenses incurred this quarter were for annual subscriptions, so a
burn rate calculated directly from this single quarter of operation would be
significantly higher than the actual burn rate.

Of the expenses this quarter, $387.00 were for annual expenses. Amortized
quarterly, that is $96.75 per quarter ($32.25/mo). The other expenses incurred
total $74.41 this quarter ($24.80/mo).

This results in an amortized burn rate of $171.16 per quarter ($57.05/mo). At
this more accurate burn rate, Nevarro LLC has 18 months of runway.

## Q2 Budget

In the coming three months, the nevarro.space Matrix homeserver will be migrated
to servers operated by Nevarro. Currently, the homeserver is run on Sumner's
personal infrastructure, costing €25.75/mo. This will increase Nevarro's Hetzner
expenditure from €9.10/mo to €34.85/mo sometime in the next few months.

There will also be a few more annual expenses in the form of of domain renewals.

| **Line Item**                         |  **Amount** |
| :------------------------------------ | ----------: |
| Hetzner ($35.00/mo)                   |     $105.00 |
| Google Domains: mineshspc.com renewal |      $12.00 |
| Google Domains: nevarro.space renewal |      $20.00 |
| **TOTAL**                             | **$137.00** |
